This is my NotePad for all ideas needed to acomplish this task.

I want to design my personal Navigation Bar - very simple : my logo MK, About Me, Portfolio, Blog, Contact
I will use Display Flex for it, some shadow to give 3d view and sliding animation with changing color when hover above

Main goal is to do this website responsive and accessible to all viewers with standards from WCAG

I'm usign React and Bootstrap as a training and showing that i can learn any framework choosen by company.

Colors are not super important at start ( This have many times waste way to much of my time )

Layout will be simple, it's important for me to have a place where i can insert my posts and keep my projects in one place

What else do i have to think before starting to write code? 

ALL TASKS TO DO: the numeration is withour special order

1. Navigation Bar
2. Welcoming Sector with sliding pictures and main header
3. Short story sector with button to blog action
4. Portfolio sector with button to full portfolio view
5. Contact section with fully working FORM to send me an email, invitation to instagram, facebook, my phone number and when clicking 
copied to dashboard
6. Personal Footer can be bigger like i've seen many times with SITE MAP, all contact to social media, copyrights
7. Create a simple BLOG, i will use some template examples with main menu to all blogs i've written and pretty much it, the ability
to go to each individual post
8. 

Help from Kevin Powell to scroll horizontally my card elements
on mail container
I will use :
    display: grid;
    grid-auto-flow: column;
    grid-auto-columns: 25%;(This i may change depending on what size i want from my cards);
    // Better to use 23% (any not dividible by 100) to see the content that there is more cards
    gap: 1rem or anything;
    overflow-x: auto;
    //How to do automatic slow scroll animation?
    overscroll-behavior-inline: contain;
    //Thanks to this you cannot scroll to far and snaping whole page

on cards i could use :
    display: grid;
    grid-template;rows: min-content;
    gap: choose wisly
    padding: variable for sizing
    background: some bg-color for cards
    border-radius: some border radius

cards > img {
    inline-size: 100%;
    aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;
    object-fit: cover;

}
.snaps-inline {
    scroll-snap-type: inline mandatory;
    scroll-padding-inline: variable for sizing
    
}

.snaps-inline > * {
    scroll-snap-align: start or end or center
}